w:aladar | q:validar
w:aliar | q:validar
w:alifar | q:validar
w:aligar | q:validar
w:alindar | q:validar
w:alisar | q:validar
w:alizar | q:validar
w:anidar | q:validar
w:avaliar | q:validar
w:baldar | q:validar
w:balitar | q:validar
w:balizar | q:validar
w:calidad | q:validar
w:faldar | q:validar
w:falida | q:validar
w:galibar | q:validar
w:galimar | q:validar
w:invalidar | q:validar
w:maridar | q:validar
w:paladar | q:validar
w:paliar | q:validar
w:revalidar | q:validar
w:saladar | q:validar
w:salivar | q:validar
w:saludar | q:validar
w:solidar | q:validar
w:vaciar | q:validar
w:valar | q:validar
w:valedor | q:validar
w:valida | q:validar
w:validad | q:validar
w:validez | q:validar
w:valido | q:validar
w:valija | q:validar
w:valladar | q:validar
w:vallar | q:validar
w:valorar | q:validar
w:valsar | q:validar
w:valuar | q:validar
w:vanidad | q:validar
w:variar | q:validar
w:velicar | q:validar
w:vialidad | q:validar
w:volitar | q:validar
w:abaleo | q:caballo
w:cabalar | q:caballo
w:cabalero | q:caballo
w:cabalino | q:caballo
w:caballa | q:caballo
w:caballar | q:caballo
w:caballazo | q:caballo
w:caballejo | q:caballo
w:caballero | q:caballo
w:caballico | q:caballo
w:caballito | q:caballo
w:caballo | q:caballo
w:caballuno | q:caballo
w:cabdillo | q:caballo
w:cabello | q:caballo
w:cabildo | q:caballo
w:cabilla | q:caballo
w:cabillo | q:caballo
w:cacillo | q:caballo
w:cadalso | q:caballo
w:callo | q:caballo
w:cambaleo | q:caballo
w:camello | q:caballo
w:canalla | q:caballo
w:cangallo | q:caballo
w:capillo | q:caballo
w:capullo | q:caballo
w:caralla | q:caballo
w:carillo | q:caballo
w:carvallo | q:caballo
w:cataldo | q:caballo
w:chafallo | q:caballo
w:cubillo | q:caballo
w:farallo | q:caballo
w:jabillo | q:caballo
w:rabillo | q:caballo
w:tabaleo | q:caballo
w:vasallo | q:caballo
w:zapallo | q:caballo
w:aperreo | q:perro
w:barro | q:perro
w:berra | q:perro
w:berro | q:perro
w:borro | q:perro
w:burro | q:perro
w:carro | q:perro
w:cedro | q:perro
w:cerco | q:perro
w:cerdo | q:perro
w:cereo | q:perro
w:cerio | q:perro
w:cerno | q:perro
w:cero | q:perro
w:cerro | q:perro
w:cetro | q:perro
w:cierro | q:perro
w:cirro | q:perro
w:corro | q:perro
w:curro | q:perro
w:ergo | q:perro
w:ero | q:perro
w:erre | q:perro
w:erro | q:perro
w:error | q:perro
w:euro | q:perro
w:farro | q:perro
w:ferra | q:perro
w:ferre | q:perro
w:ferro | q:perro
w:fierro | q:perro
w:forro | q:perro
w:garro | q:perro
w:genro | q:perro
w:gerbo | q:perro
w:gerno | q:perro
w:gorro | q:perro
w:hierro | q:perro
w:horro | q:perro
w:jarro | q:perro
w:jerbo | q:perro
w:jorro | q:perro
w:ledro | q:perro
w:lerdo | q:perro
w:marro | q:perro
w:medro | q:perro
w:mergo | q:perro
w:merlo | q:perro
w:mero | q:perro
w:metro | q:perro
w:morro | q:perro
w:nebro | q:perro
w:negro | q:perro
w:pairo | q:perro
w:parco | q:perro
w:pardo | q:perro
w:pareo | q:perro
w:pargo | q:perro
w:pario | q:perro
w:paro | q:perro
w:parra | q:perro
w:parro | q:perro
w:parto | q:perro
w:parvo | q:perro
w:pebre | q:perro
w:pecho | q:perro
w:pecio | q:perro
w:pedo | q:perro
w:pedorro | q:perro
w:pedrero | q:perro
w:pedro | q:perro
w:peer | q:perro
w:pego | q:perro
w:pello | q:perro
w:pelo | q:perro
w:peño | q:perro
w:penco | q:perro
w:peor | q:perro
w:peplo | q:perro
w:per | q:perro
w:pera | q:perro
w:peral | q:perro
w:perero | q:perro
w:peri | q:perro
w:perico | q:perro
w:perito | q:perro
w:perjuro | q:perro
w:perla | q:perro
w:perlero | q:perro
w:perna | q:perro
w:perneo | q:perro
w:pero | q:perro
w:perojo | q:perro
w:perra | q:perro
w:perrero | q:perro
w:perro | q:perro
w:perrona | q:perro
w:perruno | q:perro
w:persa | q:perro
w:perta | q:perro
w:perú | q:perro
w:peso | q:perro
w:peto | q:perro
w:petra | q:perro
w:peuco | q:perro
w:peumo | q:perro
w:pierio | q:perro
w:pigro | q:perro
w:pirco | q:perro
w:porco | q:perro
w:poro | q:perro
w:porra | q:perro
w:porro | q:perro
w:potro | q:perro
w:prao | q:perro
w:pro | q:perro
w:puerco | q:perro
w:puerro | q:perro
w:puerto | q:perro
w:puro | q:perro
w:redro | q:perro
w:retro | q:perro
w:rorro | q:perro
w:sarro | q:perro
w:serbo | q:perro
w:serio | q:perro
w:sierro | q:perro
w:tarro | q:perro
w:terco | q:perro
w:termo | q:perro
w:terno | q:perro
w:tero | q:perro
w:terror | q:perro
w:terso | q:perro
w:tetro | q:perro
w:verbo | q:perro
w:vero | q:perro
w:verso | q:perro
w:yermo | q:perro
w:yerno | q:perro
w:yero | q:perro
w:yerro | q:perro
w:yerto | q:perro
w:yervo | q:perro
w:zorro | q:perro
Tiempo promedio:	0.5077460408210754
Numero pivotes:	8
Evaluaciones	105351
Candidatos:	105327
Soluciones:	228
